hey guys it's matt from game friends
calm the social network for gamers and
we're discussing the best video game
stories obviously this is very
subjective but you know typically the
best video game stories are role playing
games their games that you know where
you start out you know as something and
you progress through the game and turn
into something else it's different than
a first-person shooter it's different
than a lot of games it's even different
than an MMORPG although some are now
developing decent stories with the game
so typically games such as Zelda lufia
for Nintendo even breath of fire 3 I
like that RPG a lot a lot of people cite
FF final fantasy 7 as one of their
favorites of all time they grew that's
when the graphics really started to come
on board final fantasy 3 and my personal
favorite is Resident Evil One for
playstation I think that's because it
was the first really quality game to
come out for the PlayStation and it
showcase a great great game great format
you know you it was dark it was scary
you know you were scared while you're
playing the zombies were biting you you
didn't know who to trust you didn't know
who you were going to fight at the end
and then at the end you see this big
monster and it's just all worthwhile
when you kill it and then of course
there's some other more popular games
like god of war I think I was an amazing
series you can mute this if you don't
want to hear spoiler I think they ruined
it at the end by having him kill himself
i don't think that type of character
should have done that i think that they
miss played that another popular one
that people site is grand theft auto i
like this game a lot i put in an insane
amount hours this you know in college
when I should have been studying but uh
you know you put in so much time in that
game but then eventually you just stop
caring about the plot and you just start
running around gaining stars trying to
know kill the cops or whatever you know
it just gets boring and actually even
some of the really old school shooters I
really loved if you ever had a three do
system or probably other systems is on
it was mad dog mccree where you actually
had
live role-playing actors in the game so
you had people dressed up in their
western outfits and it was great so
again my name is Matt and from game
friends com the social network for
gamers thank you and I'd like to hear
what your favorite games are have a
great day